===================
# **Log Analytics**
===================

IT infrastructure and management tools are typically geared towards monitoring data center operations and these tools do not go beyond alerting administrators and operations when performance thresholds are exceeded. They do not provide additional insights to troubleshoot or do a root cause analysis. There is vast amount of unstructured log data generated by various applications in organizations today. IT is grappled with the growth of newer applications, newer architectures for building web services which are generating more and more log data. Managing logs and deriving insights in a dynamic IT environment has become
a time consuming task for IT teams. Timely analysis of performance problems and proactively fixing them fast prevents loss of customers and business.
This Log Analytics platform automates the analysis of log data to enable performance tuning, troubleshooting, and meeting compliance requirements.
It also has the ability to support multiple log formats.

=======================
## Online Documentation
=======================

* [Getting Started](https://bitbucket.org/rahulfission/loganalysis/wiki/gettingstarted)
* [Download the Project](https://bitbucket.org/rahulfission/loganalysis/wiki/download)

===================
## Current Features
===================

* Traffic trends.
* Response time trends and anomalies (latency spikes).
* Prediction Analysis including request, bytes transfered and traffic forecasts.
* Tabulated log data.
* Error counts for webservices.
* The visitors and their counts by country.
* Request statistics.
* OS and browser level statistics.

==========
## Contact
==========

For any queries reach at: asinha093@gmail.com

Have fun!
